we wanted to explore what makes a family.
We brought together seven families for
the biggest cast of Odd Man Out yet.
And we are a family.
We are a family.
We're a family.
And we're a family.
And we are a family.
One is a liar.
If the group discovers who the liar is,
they'll split a cash prize.
If the liar remains, they'll win the cash prize.
This is Odd Man Out.
And I'm Ryan.
And we're from Orange County, California.
Are you guys excited?
Uh, yeah.
Heck yeah.
To win this thing.
I'm Iris.
Iris, I'm Liberty.
And we are family.
We live in Anchorage, Alaska.
So we're gonna rely heavily on our
intuition, ask a lot of questions.
Hi, I'm Tamara.
And we are from London.
And we are...
The family.
Lux.
It's honestly my favorite YouTube show,
so I'm pretty excited to be part of it.
And she dragged me into it.
The truth will come out easy.
Yeah, if they're nervous around each other.
My name is Emily.
My name is Chris.
And we're twins.
Fraternal.
Rat twins.
Ew.
Hi, I'm Jacqueline.
I'm Jayda.
I'm Jordan.
I'm Raj.
And I'm Huey.
We got to analyze everyone.
Hi, my name is Phu.
Hi, my name is Lynn.
So the strategy that we are planning to
use is to look at people's body language
and kind of like looking for answers that
are generic and there's no uniqueness in them.
I think we're gonna catch who the mole is
pretty soon.
One wave.
Who do you think it is?
They all look related.
They all look like they could be family.
Boy and girl, the blondes, definitely
they're family.
I think the group of three in the middle
is a big family.
I think so too.
Something looked off.
Yeah, but we look related, no?
True, true, but we might get...
Well, I hope we look related.
I like you.
Shoot.
Oh, God.
I mean, if we get kicked out and they're
just like, There's no way she can be the
mother because she's so young, then I'm
okay with that.
I'm gonna do imposter.
Oh my God, really?
Where should we go?
Yeah, we'll do imposter.
Okay, so green lemon.
Because I feel like if they put a lot of
people, it's gonna be hard for us.
I'm most suspicious of the nomads.
We'll pick the one with green lemon.
Green lemon, okay.
No, just two people now.